Update documentation on deduplication (#1231)
asreview/asreview: docs/source/project_create.rst

:ref:`data_labeled:benchmark datasets`. Click
on *Save* on the top right.

.. note::

>     After adding your dataset, ASReview LAB prints the approximate number of duplicates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After adding your dataset, ASReview LAB shows the approximate number of duplicates.
```

:ref:`data_labeled:benchmark datasets`. Click
on *Save* on the top right.

.. note::
    After adding your dataset, ASReview LAB shows the approximate number of duplicates.

>     This number is based on duplicate titles and abstracts and if available, on DOIs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    This number is based on duplicate titles and abstracts and if available, on the Digital Object Identifier (`DOI <https://www.doi.org/>`_).
```
